
Icons:

The top-level BitKeeper folder (i.e. the BkShellX folder), should have
a distinguishing icon.

Files within the BitKeeper folder should have the following types of icons:

    read-only:  File is not checked out

    modified: File is r/w and has changes that need to be checked in

    not a bk file:

    admin file: Have an icon for files like triggers and config file?

    Not user modifiable: icon for SCCS folders and s./p. etc files

Note: shouldn't need to have an icon for read-write since that is the
probably the normal state for windows users?



Menu Actions:

Clicking Right on the background of Explorer (when not in a bk
repository) and then clicking on the "New" menu should add an option to
the "New" menu for creating a BitKeeper repository (bk setuptool). The
new menu is currently used to create folders, add new MS docs, Create
Zip folders, etc.


Top-level BitKeeper folder (i.e. the BkShellX folder)

    Icon - little "BK" logo (or some other distinguishing icon) on the folder

    Right-click menu:

	Pull
	Push
	Abort Pull (maybe under a sublevel for advanced options?)
	Clone (I don't think this is needed or desired at this level. Better
	       using drag-n-drop. If we can clone from local to remote, might
	       want to have a dialog box for the destination)
	       
	Commit Work (citool)

	File bug (for this repo)

	History (brings up revtool)
	Info (output of 'bk status')

	Preferences 
	    Brings up dialog to modify the BitKeeper/etc/config file settings
	    Checkout modes, etc
	

	Update Status (i.e. are there changes in the parent not in the child)

	    This will bring up a dialog with the pull -nll output or
	    (resync -nll ???)

	    Clicking this button might change the icon to remind the
	    user that the repo is ahead/behind of the parent

	Note: The implementation for the push and pull should bring up
	      a window showing the progress of the operation.

    Drag-n-drop hooks
	
	right-dragging the folder to an empty area on the explorer
	background should invoke the clone menu.


Right-clicking on a Folder that is NOT a BK repo

    Icon - Default Folder

    Operations when clicking right:

	Import?  
	    Dialog pops up prompting for directory where to import
	    However, this import feature might be better done using
	    drag-n-drop hooks???




Files within BitKeeper repository


    Operations on a file not yet part of a repository:

	Add to Repository (would be nice to be able to add initial comments...)

    Operations on a bitkeeper controlled file

BitKeeper file that is read-only

    Operations when Double Clicking
	checkout read-write before launching default openning tool

    Operations when clicking Right
	Checkout read-write
	History

	Advanced
	    Delete File
	    Gone File(?)


Folders within BitKeeper repository
    
    Ideas:

	Can we prevent people from openning the SCCS dirs when
	double-clicking on them? If they need to send us the file,
	maybe they can do it from the cmd.exe shell?

    Operations when clicking Right

	Checkout RO recursively
	Checkout RW recursively


    Drag-n-Drop Hooks

	Draging the folder with the right-mouse clicked brings up a menu
	with the 'bk mvdir' option. Dragging outside the bk folder or into
	an SCCS or Admin dir should be caught and disallowed.

